Adding filter to toggle registration of scripts (#432)
Parsely/wp-parsely: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [2.6.1] - 2021-10-05

### Added

> - Adding filters to toggle registration of scripts #432

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add filter to toggle registration of scripts #432
```
